---
title: What is your dream? What do you want to do in the future?
description: test
slug: testing
authors: [Sean]
date: 2024-12-16
tags: []
---

As a university student, I hope to become a scientist who can help make the world a better place.
<!-- truncate -->
I am currently studying Computer Science in university. From a young age, I’ve had a deep love for computers. My earliest memories of computers involve playing games with my family. After school, I often sat at the computer desk with my brother, playing Monopoly, a game similar to a board game. I also spent a lot of time surfing the internet. Although internet speeds back then were slow, many of my “firsts” happened on that old computer—my first time using social media, my first time searching on Google, and so on. These experiences made me curious about how computers and the digital world are built.

In high school, I started learning programming by myself. At the time, none of my family members worked in this field, but with the help of online tutorials and open courses, I gradually gained a foundational understanding of the world of computing. I even started participating in programming competitions. Although I performed poorly in the competitions, I learned a lot through those experiences. The most important lesson I gained during that time was learning to grow from repeated mistakes.

During my time in university, I began reflecting on life’s meaning and purpose. I spent a lot of time reading books on existentialism and nihilism, which prompted me to engage in deep introspection. Then, by chance, I came across the Nobel Prize in Biology, which was awarded to scientists for their work in predicting protein structures. At that moment, I realized something important: I had learned so many tools, and perhaps it was time for me to become a creator of tools.

My goal is to become a scientist who contributes to humanity—one of the many individuals working to help the world move forward.